COMPETITIVE SHIT:

- In Last Man Standing, you can adjust the amount of life/armor people start with
  by using the sv_lmslife cvar. sasmara_lmslife 0 starts with just 100 life, using
  sasmara_lmslife 1 starts with 100 life and 100 armor, sasmara_lmslife 2 starts with
  200 life/armor, sasmara_lmslife 3 starts 300 life/armor, sasmara_lmslife 4 starts
  with 400, and sasmara_lmslife 5 starts with 500.
  
- In Last Man Standing, to have characters spawn with Ultimate weapons as well,
  use the sasmara_lmsult cvar. sasmara_lmsult 1 enables Ultimates, sasmara_lmsult 0
  disables it.



COOPERATIVE SHIT:

- In co-op, characters can shoot through each other.

- In co-op, characters picking up keys will share it with everyone--you can see
  who got what key in the RCon log.



UNIVERSAL SHIT:

- Samsara is compatible with sv_shotgunstart, in case players need an extra bit
  of oomph at the start. In the same vein, samsara_chainsawstart gives everyone
  their slot I on entry, and samsara_uniquestart gives everyone their unique
  pickup(s) on entry.

- Offline in Zandronum, Ranger cannot be selected in the char select screen.
  This is an engine limitation.

- HeXen's emphasis on platforming requires a higher jumpheight for characters, and
  Strife's jumping system was a bit lower. samsara_jumpmod cvar will adjust
  everybody's jumpheight so as to accomodate it, use 9 for HeXen and -8 for Strife.

- Please consider disabling Weapon Drop On Death, as with it players will be able
  to pick up and use other characters' weapons.

- You can disable Duke's jetpack with sasmara_banjetpack 1. He will recieve 8x
  boot damage instead.

- You can tweak whether the Security Officer has Marathon-esque gravity or normal
  gravity with sasmara_nocustomgravity 1 (Doom gravity) or 0 (Marathon gravity).
  This also affects Ranger, though not as much.
  
- Weapon VII can be toggled to be persistent or vanish on pickup by sasmara_permault
  1 or 0. 0 has it vanish on pickup, 1 has it stay persistent. Note that it acts
  as a big powerup, so its respawn timer is much longer than others.

- Heretic's/HeXen's/Strife's palettes are different from Doom's, and thus use
  different color ranges, and thus put color splotches in odd places.
  
- Samsara makes use of Scripts 200-225. Levelsets using these script ranges may,
  and almost definitely will, create odd behavior.

- Samsara was designed with Zandronum in mind, particularly making extensive use
  of the ConsoleCommand ACS function. In ZDoom, this does not exist--some cvars need
  to be manually set and archived in order to be used. For example, if you plan on
  using samsara_jumpmod, please add "set" in front of it, like so:
  "set samsara_jumpmod 9".



FOR FUN SHIT:

- If players aren't being challenged with UV-Fast, please consider using the new
  Skill 4. This removes monster respawn and instead dramatically amplifies monster
  aggression, as well as enhances their speed and damage--if you would like to use
  the old Skill 4, it can be replicated with the command lines "skill 3",
  "sv_monsterrespawn 1", "sv_doubleammo 1", and "sv_fastmonsters 1".

- Want to see just how healthy you can get? samsara_nohealthcap disables the 100/200
  health cap on characters, instead going as high as the sky. Enable this if you
  want to be a hulking behemoth, or just want to last a little longer!
  (NOTE: In this mode, Parias'/Corvus' health items are not carried in the inventory.
  For obvious reasons)

- Want to make things just a little bit more interesting? There's a Party Mode! The
  samsara_peoplediewhentheyarekilled cvar causes players to explode on death. If it
  is a suicide, the explosion happens immediately, if they are killed, then there is
  a delay. Increasing the cvar to further levels (maximum 3), increases the radius
  and damage.

- Want to settle things the gentleman's way in DM? samsara_punchdrunk engages the
  Gentleman Mode, in which everyone is forced to use only their melee weapons.
  samsara_chainsawstart and samsara_uniquestart also work with this mode, and may
  provide even more interesting effects.

- You don't care for the gentleman's way, but like their heavy hitters? No
  problem! Use samsara_punchdrunkuniques, and your uniques will change from
  their normal items to the Punchdrunk items, as if a genie was in the pickups.
  (No genies were harmed in the making of Gentleman Mode.)

- Want to change up player defenses? samsara_armormode changes the way armor spawns
  in-game. 1 changes it up to Quake style armor, 2 changes it up to armor with more
  protection, 3 changes it to Marathon-style armor, 4 has no armor spawn at all.

- Sick and tired of the boss monologues, just want to jump right into action? No
  problem! samsara_nomonologues, and your day is free!
