[IntroStrings]
"Here we go again...and again...and again...and again..."
"I just don't care anymore. Let's get it over with."
"I'm going to have to show you the door. Or the airlock."
"You're going to die as many times needed until whatever forces above are happy and declare me winner. Smile."
"And once again I'm not home, but surrounded by guns. The fun never stops."
"I'm told to do what I do best. Let's see who'll die first."
"Just so you know, I'm not scared of you."

[FragStrings]
"Stay down...please. For just a few more minutes..."
"I don't take pleasure in this. This is just what I do."
"I wonder if you were a good person."
"Another mess to be recycled."
"This isn't just me killing you, it's the technology gap."
"How's resisting security going for you?"
"I've gone through eternity. You're just someone else to put down."

[KilledStrings]
"I'm doomed to return. Mercy has abandoned me."
"I'm not afraid of death. I welcome it. Shame that it doesn't last."
"I've stared at death for so long I'd almost forgotten that it's a threat."
"I guess I made an easy target, what with this whole 'being alive' thing."
"You know, a problem with authority is a grave sign of other problems."
"Of course. Can't feel like I'm doing too well, can I?"
"To be continued."

[RoamingStrings]
"Retreat's never an option. Even when you want it to be."
"Come whenever you want. I've got time. All the time in the world, in fact."
"Go on. Take your time. I'm fine with that."
"You can't escape. But knowing you, you'll come running back anyway."
"What's your purpose in life?"
"I can deal with patrolling blind. I miss that sometimes."
"Kind of like running my old rounds again."
"Life goes on. Death goes on longer."
"You haven't learned yet, have you?"
"Run while you can. I'll be there when you can't."
"I hope you're not cozy. We don't do comfortable here."
"Getting so sick of getting ambushed...I'm gonna find you first."
"This temporary reprieve is just that. Temporary."
"If you stopped hiding from me, it would end this so much faster."
"Do you think I'm having fun with this?"
"I'm giving you far more chances than you need."
"Never stop running, sure. Away isn't the direction."
"Lower your guns. Now."
"My plan's simple: Find you and shoot you. It's worked so far."
"Which is better? To burn out, or fade away?"
"Hiding makes terrible cover. Just stand your ground and face me."

[RareRoamingStrings]
"The exit kills me if I hit it, right?"
"It's funny. The arena's paths goes up, down, left, right, all sorts of ways...except out."
"I can't even tell who I'm fighting anymore. Just give me a gun, and they die. Simple as that."
"The Wheel of the 'rena goes 'round and 'round, 'round and 'round, 'round and 'round..."
"If I see an accessible terminal around here, I dunno if I'm gonna be grateful or start screaming."
"No more voices from the AIs. Instead, voices of the dead and screaming."
"Zzzzzz...ggzk. Grgh. Sorry. Fell asleep and started sleepwalking for a bit."

[WinStrings]
"I fear eternity more than I fear you."
"Don't feel upset. I've saved you from fate."
"I wanted to feel like I could do something good. Ended up killing you all again."
"It seems everywhere I go, I kill everything."
"Got some bad news to deliver, but I think you've already got the gist."
"The struggle for the right to live is eternal. Some triumph. Others triumph repeatedly."
"I've always been good with my hands."

[LoseStrings]
"Maybe now, there'll finally be some rest. Ah, who am I kidding?"
"Weigh carefully your victory. There's always a string attached to it. Trust me."
"The end."
"I'll come again, of course. Can't stop fate."
"Another notch in the cosmic lose column."
"Do I at least get a consolation prize?"
"I've won enough times I can appreciate the virtues of losing."